added Operating systems and two courses in free-courses-hi.md (#7316)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

* [Machine Learning Tutorials For Beginners Using Python in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu0W_9lII9ai6fAMHp-acBmJONT7Y4BSG) - CodeWithHarry (YouTube)

### Operating Systems

> * [Operating System (Complete Playlist)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxCzCOWd7aiGz9donHRrE9I3Mwn6XdP8p) - Gate Smashers, `tch.:` Varun Singla

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Operating System (Complete Playlist)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxCzCOWd7aiGz9donHRrE9I3Mwn6XdP8p) - Gate Smashers
```

> * [Operating Systems for Placements](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDzeHZWIZsTr3nwuTegHLa2qlI81QweYG) - CodeHelp-byBabbar (YouTube)

Reviewer: title is 'Operating Systems Placements Course 2022'

Author: thanks sir, but the given title is 'Operating Systems Placements Course 2022' so i updated old one with it.

> * [Operating Systems for Placements 2022](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDzeHZWIZsTr3nwuTegHLa2qlI81QweYG) - CodeHelp, `tch.:` Love Babbar, `tch.:` Lakshay Kumar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Operating Systems for Placements 2022](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDzeHZWIZsTr3nwuTegHLa2qlI81QweYG) - CodeHelp - by Babbar
```
